Add advanced openmetrics AD config (#10350)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/prometheus.md

### Requirements

> - Datadog Agent v7 or v6.27+ (for Pod checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Datadog Agent v7.27+ or v6.27+ (for Pod checks)
```

This configuration generates a check that collects all metrics exposed using the default configuration of the [OpenMetrics integration][1].

#### Advanced configuration

> It is possible to define advanced Openmetrics check configuration or custom Autodiscovery rules other than native Prometheus annotations thanks the `additionalConfigs` configuration field in `values.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can define advanced Openmetrics check configurations or custom Autodiscovery rules other than native Prometheus annotations with the `additionalConfigs` configuration field in `values.yaml`.
```

`additionalConfigs` is a list of structures containing Openmetrics check configurations and Autodiscovery rules.

Every [configuration field][15] supported by the Openmetrics check can be passed in the configurations list.

> The autodiscovery configuration can be based on container names or kubernetes annotations or both. When both `kubernetes_container_names` and `kubernetes_annotations` are defined, it’s an AND (both rules must match).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The autodiscovery configuration can be based on container names or kubernetes annotations or both. When both `kubernetes_container_names` and `kubernetes_annotations` are defined, it uses AND logic (both rules must match).
```

`kubernetes_container_names` is a list of container names to target, it supports the `*` wildcard.

`kubernetes_annotations` contains two maps of labels to define the discovery rules: `include` and `exclude`.

> **Note:** The default value of `kubernetes_annotations` in the Datadog Agent configuration is the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The default value of `kubernetes_annotations` in the Datadog Agent configuration is the following:
```

```
kubernetes_annotations:
  include:
    - prometheus.io/scrape: "true"
  exclude:
    - prometheus.io/scrape: "false"
```

**Example:**

> In this example we're defining an advanced configuration targeting a container named `my-app` running in a pod labeled `app=my-app`. We're customising the Openmetrics check configuration as well, by enabling the `send_distribution_buckets` option and defining a custom timeout of 5 seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example we're defining an advanced configuration targeting a container named `my-app` running in a pod labeled `app=my-app`. We're customizing the Openmetrics check configuration as well, by enabling the `send_distribution_buckets` option and defining a custom timeout of 5 seconds.
```
